README.md, before:

# SpreeStock'r

:construction: NOTE: this gem in very much a work-in-progress

Spree extension for creating products from uploaded xlsx & csv files

🗣 [roo](https://github.com/roo-rb/roo)

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:
  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_stockr', github: 'marshlife-art/spree_stockr'
  ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree_stockr:install
  ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_stockr/factories'
```

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

[guides.spreecommerce.org/developer/tutorials/extensions_tutorial](https://guides.spreecommerce.org/developer/tutorials/extensions_tutorial.html)

made with ♥ in NYC

Commit message:

some rspec coverage, work on xlsx process’n

README.md, after:

# SpreeStock'r

:construction: NOTE: this gem in very much a work-in-progress

Spree extension for creating products from uploaded xlsx & csv files

🗣 [roo](https://github.com/roo-rb/roo)

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:
  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_stockr', github: 'marshlife-art/spree_stockr'
  ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree_stockr:install
  ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake test_app
```

__note:__ need to re-run `rake test_app` after you add or change db/migrations.

to run the tests do:

```sh
rspec
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_stockr/factories'
```

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

[guides.spreecommerce.org/developer/tutorials/extensions_tutorial](https://guides.spreecommerce.org/developer/tutorials/extensions_tutorial.html)

made with ♥ in NYC
